Spectrographs - visual representation, frequency vs time.

Fourier transformation - transforms data to 

We need to decide the best way to represent the audio: raw, Spectrographs, etc? - We should estimate the performance of different methods.

We are going to start with two types of classification: identifying whether it is a zebra finch call from other animals, from other finches
and then what type of call it is and who is speaking.

For today lets do this order

1. What call it is
2. Who is speaking

Measure accuracy for various different methods of audio data representation.

Then we can talk about the future steps: Setting up the GAN, etc.

Hyper parameter - sampling rate, audio file size (we will use the average, and pad to zero), time shift amount?

Mel spectrogram? - or another spectrogram? Mel scale use of decibel is fine tuned to human perception, but not sure if thats going to work for birds.
birds hear differently - 250 Hz and 12 kHz is the hearing range of zerba finches
We hear from 20hz to 20khz

okay lets get this going!!!!

Hyperparameter optimization on CNN

- 

We need to do hyper parameter opitimization

--- Julies Paper Notes --- 

They used four different feature spaces 

    1. Predefined Acoustical Features (PAF)
        - quantities derived from the pressurized wave form that summarize spectral and temporal envelopes (windows) of the wave.
    2. complete and invertible spectrographic representation
        - invertible means there are know a priori assumptions about the data (why?)
        - Results of Linear Descriminant Analysis and Logistic Regression can be desiplayed in spectrographic representation
        - closley relates to neural response functions
        - feature space they say is high dimensional and requires dimensionality reduction (they did not have CNNs)
    3. modulation power spectrum
        - joint temporal and spectral modulation amplitude spectrum, 2D Fourier Transformation on the spectrogram
    4. Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients
    